WD-26946 - Add improved dev logs and structured prod logs (#94)
canonical/canonicalwebteam.flask-base: CHANGELOG.md

# 3.1.0 (2025-09-24)

- Add prettified logs to Development mode.
- Add JSON structured logs to Production mode.
- The logging "extra" argument can be used to print JSON data out into the logs.
- Custom logging.Handler can be passed to FlaskBase to personalize log output.

> - Traces added to logs if observability is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Traces added to logs if tracing is enabled (through paas-charm).
```

## Upgrade notes

For the production mode to output JSON structured logs you don't need to do anything, as it comes out of the box.
Be aware that you can now pass parameters to the logging method with the "extra" argument and anything you pass
will appear in the structured JSON log.

For the development prettified logs there is one step to be done.

> - Update your gunicorn entrypoint to add `--logger-class canonicalwebteam.flask_base.logging.GunicornDevLogger`

Author: Done
